SOP node helpdesk ticket classification (#49)
GenomicDataInfrastructure/standard-operating-procedures: docs/GDI-SOP_charter.md

| XML              | Extensible Markup Language                                              |
| ZH               | ZenHub                                                                  |

| **Term**         | **Definition**                                                         |
|------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| CHANGELOG        | Log or record of all notable changes made to a project                 |
| FitSM            | Standards for lightweight IT Services Management; developed initially through The FedSM Project, funded by the European Commission, now maintained by ITEMO (<https://www.fitsm.eu/>) |
| JIRA | is a software product developed by Atlassian that allows bug tracking, issue tracking and agile project management. |
| Node Helpdesk    | The support team is responsible for handling tickets related to data management issues associated with the node in the GDI Project.  |
| Permit Authority | National body responsible for data access decisions                    |
| README           | File that provides information about a project or directory            |

> | Ticket           | Incoming issues from the GDI Virtual Helpdesk, are to be processed within the Node Helpdesk and, after that, returned to the Virtual Helpdesk |

Reviewer: Is this the definition of a generic "Ticket"? Or a "NHD Ticket"? Just asking, since the definition sounds slightly off to me. Subjective though.

Author: You are right! I updated the definition of "ticket". You can have a look!

Reviewer: I'm unresolving this comment, as I still have the feeling that this is a skewed definition of a ``Ticket``. It looks very specific to the SOP at hand, the SOP0008, but it's sitting in the charter document.

For example, it sounds strange that _by definition_ a ticket _comes from the GDI VHD_, and then by default _are processed specifically by the NHD_ and then later returned to the VHD. It should be, in my opinion **something more generic**. The current definition sounds like it's **_describing the process a ticket goes through_** in GDI, but not defining _**what a ticket**_ is.

From the internet I found something that to me sounds more suitable:
> A ticket is a recorded request or issue submitted for support, tracking, or resolution. It serves as a unit of work that enables communication and accountability throughout its lifecycle

Author: OK! I can replace it with your suggestion!

| **Term**         | **Definition**                                                         |
|------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| CHANGELOG        | Log or record of all notable changes made to a project                 |
| FitSM            | Standards for lightweight IT Services Management; developed initially through The FedSM Project, funded by the European Commission, now maintained by ITEMO (<https://www.fitsm.eu/>) |
| JIRA | is a software product developed by Atlassian that allows bug tracking, issue tracking and agile project management. |
| Node Helpdesk    | The support team is responsible for handling tickets related to data management issues associated with the node in the GDI Project.  |
| Permit Authority | National body responsible for data access decisions                    |
| README           | File that provides information about a project or directory            |
| Ticket           | Incoming issues from the GDI Virtual Helpdesk, are to be processed within the Node Helpdesk and, after that, returned to the Virtual Helpdesk |

> | Ticket Classification | The process of categorising support requests is based on their nature so that they can be assigned to the appropriate individual or team for resolution.  |

Reviewer: Similar to the definition above, I think this should be more generic. Something like "Process of classification for tickets" but perhaps more elaborated.

Something like:
> Process of categorizing tickets based on their type, urgency, or topic to ensure efficient handling and appropriate routing.

Author: I changed it!

> | Virtual Helpdesk | The initial point of contact for inquiries and requests related to data management in the GDI project. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Virtual Helpdesk | Centralized, digital support service that coordinates and responds to incoming requests across the network. In GDI, it complements Node helpdesks by offering cross-node guidance, escalation, and harmonization of support efforts. |
```
